THOR: It's a long story,
but basically I'm a bit of a hero.
See, I spent some time on Earth...
fought some robots,
saved the planet a couple of times.
Get it off.
And I went searching for some
magic, colorful Infinity Stone things.
What did you do?
What'd you do?
That's when I came across
a path of death and destruction.
But who are you?
Really?
-I am ready, Father.
-So am I.
Only one of you can ascend to the throne.
A wise king never seeks out war.
THOR: The Jotuns must learn to fear me,
just as they once feared you.
You have betrayed
the express command of your king.
You're unworthy!
I now take from you your power!
In the name of my father
and his father before,
I, Odin Allfather, cast you out!
(SCREAMING)
Do me a favor and don't be dead.
(GROANS)
You're no match for the Mighty...
Another!
-I need a horse!
-Where are you going?
To get what belongs to me.
LOKI: So cruel to put the hammer
within your reach,
knowing that you could never lift it.
The burden of the throne
has fallen to me now.
THOR: My father
was trying to teach me something,
but I was too stupid to see it.
Ensure my brother does not return.
THOR: Taking their lives
will gain you nothing.
So take mine.
-(GROANS)
-No.
-You're safe.
-We're safe.
-It's over.
-No.
Whosoever holds this hammer,
if he be worthy,
shall possess the power of Thor.
Oh. My. God.
I will return for you.
When I first came to Earth,
Loki's rage followed me here.
And your people paid the price.
Kneel!
And now, again.
You think you could make Loki
tell us where the Tesseract is?
LOKI: There's no stopping it.
-There is only the war.
-So be it.
Look at this. Look around you!
-ROMANOFF: How do we do this?
-As a team.
ODIN: You'll spend the rest
of your days in the dungeon.
LOKI: And what of Thor?
Thor must strive to undo
the damage you have done.
He will bring order to the Nine Realms,
and then,
he will be king.
(GROANS)
THOR: Father, I cannot be King of Asgard.
I will protect Asgard and all the realms
with my last and every breath,
but I cannot do so from that chair.
I'd rather be a good man
than a great king.
BANNER: Ultron.
How were you guys planning
on beating that?
Together.
You said you were coming back.
THOR: I had to put an end
to the slaughter.
Jane, I fought to protect you
from the dangers of my world.
I believe that fate brought us together.
Every night, I see
Asgard falling to ruins.
-Father.
-(PEOPLE APPLAUDING)
Greetings, my boy.
THOR: Brother.
Where's Odin?
Father?
ODIN: She's coming.
-Who are you talking about?
-Hela.
My firstborn.
Your sister.
Her violent appetites
grew beyond my control.
(GRUNTS)
This you must face alone.
(SCREAMS)
Man, he's a fighter.
THOR: Hela, the goddess of death,
has invaded Asgard.
I am going to stop her.
-HELA: Tell me, Brother.
-(GROANS)
What were you the god of again?
That hammer was to help you
control your power, to focus it.
It was never your source of strength.
(THOR YELLING)
What have I done?
You saved us from extinction.
Asgard is not a place...
it's a people.
THOR: Maybe you're not so bad
after all, brother.
LOKI: Maybe not.
So.
King of Asgard.
THANOS: I know what it's like to lose.
LOKI: This is goodbye, Brother.
THOR: You know, I am 1,500 years old.
I've killed twice as many enemies as that.
I'm only alive
because fate wants me alive.
Bring me Thanos!
Thanos is just the latest
of a long line of bastards,
and he'll be the latest to feel
my vengeance. Fate wills it so.
(SCREAMS)
And what if you're wrong?
If I'm wrong, then,
what more could I lose?
SMART HULK: Thor?
Boys! Oh, my God!
Oh, my God, it's so good to see you!
So, you guys want a drink?
What are we drinking?
I've got beer, tequila,
all sorts of things.
We need your help.
STEVE: Five years ago,
we lost.
All of us.
We lost friends.
We lost family.
-I love you, Mom.
-I love you.
ROGERS: We lost a part of ourselves.
Everyone fails at who
they're supposed to be, Thor.
The measure of a person, of a hero,
is how well they succeed
at being who they are.
I'm still worthy.
FRIGGA: Now you go and be the man
you're meant to be.
Let's kill him properly this time.
Avengers, assemble.
(ALL YELLING)
No, no, give me that.
You have the little one.
My grandfather, many years ago,
had to hide the stone
from the dark elves.
Ooh! (LAUGHS)
Scary beings.
So, Jane, actually...
There she is.
Yeah, so Jane was an old flame of mine.
You know, she stuck her hand
inside a rock this one time,
and then the Aether
stuck itself inside her.
And she became very, very sick.
And so I had to take her to Asgard,
which is where I'm from...
Oh, you know, Jane and I
aren't even dating anymore, so...
Yes, these things happen though. You know?
Nothing lasts forever.
The only thing that...
-Why don't you come sit down?
-I'm not done yet.
The only thing that is permanent
in life is impermanence.
Awesome.
-Eggs? Breakfast?
-No, I'd like a Bloody Mary.